welcome to the man of recaps this is
fear the walking dead season six episode
six
we start with our villain virginia
chasing down someone in the woods turns
out the end is the beginning graffiti
has been popping up around places lately
and virginia's trying to find out what
it is this woman is part of that group
but rather than tell she shoots herself
whoa
now this episode follows june as our
main character remember she was
transferred to lawton so she could be
with her husband john dory but as the
best doctor they've got she's been
assigned to the mobile medical truck and
sarah our group's trucker friend is her
driver
assistant slash bodyguard this guy's
appendix is bursting which is bad news
in the zombie apocalypse but june thinks
she can handle it unfortunately they
were too late getting here he dies and
almost instantly comes back to zombie
will
yeah june is burnt out she's barely been
able to help anyone because by the time
she gets the call and gets there texas
is a big place she's always too late she
really wants virginia to build a
hospital in a central location but
virginia's like nah i'm not about that
by the way if you remember the augiesale
side plot from the bad seasons sarah is
trying to be a brewer and distiller
she's made some vodka but it is not good
anyway they're off to their next mission
and the ranger escorting them is jun's
husband john dory but after his episode
when john realized virginia's a lying
bad guy he's like june i can't stay here
anymore let's run away right now back to
my cabin june's not sure about this
besides the fact that virginia would
hunt them down
all of their friends are still here or
they should stick around try to make it
better but john's committed so she's
like alright jon let's go
except just then an emergency calls come
in from tank town yeah the oil well it's
our friend luciana on the radio yeah
she's in charge over there having the
most experience as an oil driller they
can't abandon her they gotta go this one
last mission then will leave so they
make it to tank town and there's a ton
of injured people apparently they were
drilling a new well and it exploded
virginia herself shows up she's like hey
i'm here to help and also find out what
happened so we're back at the oil well
and the accident has oil
raining from the sky it's a pretty cool
setting and indeed someone has graffiti
the end is the beginning here yeah this
was no accident
among the injured people is wes one of
our group who taught alicia how to spray
paint trees
ugh besides that though he's a pretty
good character and unfortunately he's
got shrapnel in the belly just then a
zombie attacks and they take it out but
wait it scratched june real bad
someone duct taped razor blades to the
zombie's fingers what anyway they're
gonna get west back to the medical truck
but virginia's like hey we've got some
questions for him first we found spray
paint in his trunk it's like yeah girl
i'm an artist
that's my whole thing i don't know
anything about this and just the
beginning stuff but virginia won't let
them move until she interrogates them
she's pressing down on his wounds to
make him talk she really seems not to
know anything though so finally june
gives him the tranquilizer and they're
moving him to the truck
unfortunately someone they already put
in there died turned into a zombie
started eating all the other ones oh
they're not saving anyone today in the
big zombie fight june's like yo i got
this get the truck out of here just then
though the wind shifts the fire's moving
oh no big explosion
virginia and june made it to cover but
when jenny wakes up oh a zombie's on top
of her she's fighting him off but
no she got bit being a hardcore zombie
apocalypse survivor ginny knows it's
time to amputate that hand but june
takes the ex away like hey you're a bad
person i think
i'm just going to let you die they have
a bit of a scuffle but june gets the
upper hand while she's holding ginny she
talks the rest of the gang through the
surgery to save wes
then jenny and june have a real heart to
heart virginia's all like hey i know you
think i'm the bad guy but everything i
do is to keep people safe i'm not evil
i'm just a hardcore pragmatist that does
what
needs to be done to ensure our future
jun's like i don't believe you i'm still
gonna kill you but then jenny starts
crying talking about her little sister
dakota like
fine just please take care of her this
reaches june she decides oh fine what
the heck let's amputate so our villain
virginia's lost a hand always a cool
thing that happens to a character merle
got a sweet knife maybe virginia will
too they get out of there safely but
tank town unfortunately is beyond repair
no more in limited gasoline for these
people anymore are crews all like yo jun
why did you save ginny should have just
let her die but jun's like okay
something good came out of it she agreed
to build us a hospital and allowed to
come work with us in it is sarah's
brother wendell yeah
cool truck a guy in the wheelchair but
now john comes up like hey i've got the
car packed let's get out of here and
june's like yo i just got a hospital
i've got to stay
john's like june virginia tricked you
she's bad to the core i can't stay here
anymore but jun's committed she's like
john i've run away too many times before
we've got to stay here and try to make
the world better so as the gang's all
headed back john takes the scouting
detour he was gonna go on with june and
they were gonna bail and run and it
looks like he still might bail and run
even without june
well what's gonna happen find out next
time on fear the walking dead
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you'd
love this recap check out the join
button and support the channel as a
member